Feat/trace flag (#874)
vtex/toolbelt: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [CustomCommand] new flag `trace` that set the `jaeger-debug-id` header automatically

Reviewer: I'm thinking that maybe our users that read the changelog wouldn't understand the `CustomCommand` tag, maybe something like:
```suggestion
- [All Commands] new flag `--trace` that sets the `jaeger-debug-id` header automatically on all requests.
```
